So welcome to this brand new section and this is an exciting section because this is going to be all
about driving traffic to your story you put an incredible amount of hard work in to get to this point.
And now this is where it actually start to make some money.
Now the first thing we need to do is to set up your Facebook add that account.
Now I'm going to start with an apology because this is actually very difficult for me to show you because
everybody is in a different situation now.
For me.
I have a business manager account with many many different accounts both my own personal use and also
for teaching.
So surely that is not going to help you if you are first getting started.
So that's the bad news if you like.
Now the good news is that setting up a Facebook account is free and it's also very straight forward.
Now there's a couple of ways you can get this.
If you go over your Facebook page you remember you set that up some time ago and click on the little
arrow here.
It brings up the menu and you're going to find here create ads.
OK.
You can see that click on create ads.
And that's going to take you through the process.
Now if on your Facebook page you don't see that and just simply head over to Google and type in set
up Facebook advert account and you'll find plenty of instructions to guide you through.
Suppose you can't hold your hand and literally show you how to do this by I hope you understand the
difficulty from my point of view.
But as I say the good news is is free and it's very easy to do so.
Go to your Facebook page or go to Google and within a few minutes you'll be up and running and I'll
see you in the next lecture where we can talk about setting up the Facebook pixel.